content/start.md, before:

+++
title = "Getting started"
weight = 4
type = "info"

[menu.footer]

+++

## Applying for the Hackathon

To apply for the hackathon, please first [sign up on dribdat](https://live.imprs-astro-hackathon.de/login/) and fill in the [application form](https://forms.gle/S2YLWAyPBUMgQxoV7). Your application is not complete until both steps are completed.


The application is open until **March 25th**. We will inform you about the acceptance of your application within a couple of weeks.


## Propose a project/session idea

We use [dribdat](https://live.imprs-astro-hackathon.de) for team building and pulling together the hackathon projects. Do the following to start

1. Sign in or create a [dribdat account](https://live.imprs-astro-hackathon.de/login/) if you have not done it already;
2. [Have a look at challenges and existing projects](https://live.imprs-astro-hackathon.de/event/1);
3. Then either [start a project](https://live.imprs-astro-hackathon.de/project/new/1);
4. ...or [join an existing team](https://live.imprs-astro-hackathon.de/event/1).

For a comprehensive guide on dribdat, please visit the [dribdat documentation](https://dribdat.cc/usage.html).

Commit message:

More details on dribdat projects/sessions/discussion

content/start.md, after:

+++
title = "Getting started"
weight = 4
type = "info"

[menu.footer]

+++

## Applying for the Hackathon

To apply for the hackathon, please first [sign up on dribdat](https://live.imprs-astro-hackathon.de/login/) and fill in the [application form](https://forms.gle/S2YLWAyPBUMgQxoV7). Your application is not complete until both steps are completed.


The application is open until **March 25th**. We will inform you about the acceptance of your application within a couple of weeks.


## Propose a project/session idea

We are using a platform called [dribdat](https://live.imprs-astro-hackathon.de) to organise our programme. On Dribdat, you can already propose your contribution, which can be in the form of a discussion, a project or a session.

- A **discussion** is an activity which you would propose to chair, to talk horizontally about a certain topic.
- A **project** is a task you want to accomplish and are looking for collaborators.
- A **session** has a tutorial shape, in which the students could divide in smaller groups or make an individual task that you propose.
  
Any contribution can be proposed by two or more contributors, and you can also join existing contributions proposed by others on Dribdat following these steps:


1. Sign in or create a [dribdat account](https://live.imprs-astro-hackathon.de/login/) if you have not done it already;
2. [Have a look at challenges and existing projects](https://live.imprs-astro-hackathon.de/event/1);
3. Then either [start a project](https://live.imprs-astro-hackathon.de/project/new/1);
4. ...or [join an existing team](https://live.imprs-astro-hackathon.de/event/1).

For a comprehensive guide on dribdat, please visit the [dribdat documentation](https://dribdat.cc/usage.html).
